clean intermediate solutions (#435)
Mapotempo/optimizer-api: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Now job_manager cleans intermediate solutions [#435](https://github.com/Mapotempo/optimizer-api/pull/435)

Reviewer: Should be in Changed
```suggestion
- The intermediate solutions are now cleaned similarly to the final solution [#435](https://github.com/Mapotempo/optimizer-api/pull/435)
```
